Add initial content for Hub URL addressing (#73)
decentralized-identity/identity-hub: spec/spec.md

Finalize the component stack list - are these correct? Are we missing any?
:::

## Addressing

A user's logical Identity Hub (their collection of Hub Instances) can be addressed in many ways, 
but the mechanisms below ****MUST**** be supported by a compliant Identity Hub implementation:

### DID-Relative URLs

The following DID URL constructions are used to address [[ref: Hub Instances]] found to be associated 
with a given DID, as located via the DID resolution process.

*DID-Relative URL addressing a single file:*

```json

> did:example:123?service=IdentityHub&resource=Qm3fw45v46w45vw54wgwv78jbdse4w

Reviewer: Do we now need to add support for this in every DID method? Or how will the resolution process work here?

Author: Kinda depends what happens with the Service resolution aspects of DID Core, because they are currently marked at-risk. I am not sure whether it really matters much in the end, as the URLs will be constructed either way regardless. If it swings to Methods or standard lib code doing it, I don't think it's a big loss.

```

> *DID-Relative URL addressing of a Collection of the same type:*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*DID-Relative URL addressing a Collection of one resource type:*
```

```json
did:example:123?service=IdentityHub&collection=https://schema.org/MusicPlaylist
```

> *DID-Relative URL addressing multiple Collections of different types:*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*DID-Relative URL addressing multiple Collections of different resource types:*
```

```json
did:example:123?service=IdentityHub&collection=https://schema.org/MusicPlaylist&collection=https://schema.org/Event
```

*DID-Relative URL addressing Collections and specific resources together:*

```json
did:example:123?service=IdentityHub&collection=https://schema.org/MusicPlaylist&resource=Qm3fw45v46w45vw54wgwv78jbdse4w
```

::: note

> For example purposes, the parameters above are not URL encoded, but should be when using Identity Hub URLs in practice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example purposes, the parameters above are not URL encoded, but should be when using Identity Hub URLs in practice.
```
I suggest putting this note *before* the content to which it applies.  I also suggest that the example URLs be shown exactly as they are intended to appear in use, and that the unencoded parameter(s) be shown alongside the relevant example.

Signed objects are encoded using DagJWS, which requires the payload to be encoded as a CID. The payload itself is stored separately using DagCBOR, or some other IPLD codec. The JWS protected header should include a `kid` property with the value being the DIDUrl of the key that signed the JWS.

#### Encryption envelope

> Encrypted objects are encoded using DagJWE. In order to properly encrypt data with DagJWE the data needs to be encoded as an *inline CID* (details below). JSON Web Encryption objects (JWEs) [[spec:rfc7516]] can be used for both symmetric and asymmetric encryption, at the wrapper layer this specification does not make any prescriptions about this. JWEs can also use various different ciphers, we recommend the use of `XChaCha20Poly1305`, as it is one of the most performant ciphers, of which there are multiple implementations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Encrypted objects are encoded using DagJWE. To properly encrypt data with DagJWE, the data first needs to be encoded as an *inline CID* (details below). JSON Web Encryption objects (JWEs) [[spec:rfc7516]] can be used for both symmetric and asymmetric encryption; at the wrapper layer, this specification does not make any prescriptions about this. JWEs can also use various different ciphers. We recommend the use of `XChaCha20Poly1305`, of which there are multiple implementations, as it is one of the most performant ciphers.
```
